Version control:
https://github.com/mbeckering/OS_proj5

Usage: ./oss [-v]
-v: verbose mode on (extra info in log)

OVERALL BEHAVIOR
Occasionally the blocked queue can become too full if:
- A process is particularly greedy (rolls to request often)
- OSS rolls too many resource types with only 1 or 2 total available.

REPORTING STATS
Wasn't sure if I should report the total wait time for each process, or 
total aggregate wait time of all users who spent time in the blocked queue.
I did the latter, as the former would sometimes spam too much output.

LOGGING
I never approached 20,000 lines in my log, much less 100,000, even after 
cranking up the frequency of user events. Lots of the values were left up 
to us. My program creates churn, and on some runs, every user has a resource, 
so I concluded that this is sufficient to satisfy the project requirements.

GLOBALS
I went a bit nuts with globals again, and again, it was to enable me to pass
more work to functions and cut down on the length of my mains. And 
it's been working well on these large programs that already make it 
difficult for me to keep track of where I'm passing/returning variables.

MESSAGE QUEUE
OSS only looks for messages of type 99, and doesn't wait (IPC_NOWAIT). Users 
only look for messages of type (my_pnum + 100), so pid 0 looks for mtype 100, 
pid 16 looks for mtype 116, etc. This is because I already built all my arrays 
and loops as [0-17] before recalling that telling msgrcv to look for mtype 0 
will cause it to pick up ANY message in the queue.

USERS
I modeled user behavior to be similar to the banker's algorithm problems we 
did on paper in class. They can only request one TYPE of resource at a time, 
but they can request [1-n] QUANTITY of that resource r, where n = (user's max 
claim of r) - (user's currently allocated instances of r). I considered having 
users terminate immediately if they reach max_claim of all their resources, 
like in the paper problems, but it made more sense to me to let them continue 
to run with all resources. Plus this method increases churn, and liklihood of 
blocks / denials by OSS.
